feat(vue): add support for devtools (#10929)
withastro/astro: .changeset/thin-rabbits-wait.md

---
"@astrojs/vue": minor
---

Adds a `devtools` option

> Enabling `devtools` will enable the [official Vue Devtools](https://github.com/vuejs/devtools-next) in development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the [official Vue DevTools](https://devtools-next.vuejs.org/) while working in development mode by setting `devtools:true` in your `vue()` integration config:
```
Even their GitHub link seems to just point to the fancier page, so I'd suggest just linking there directly!
